README.md, before:

# 42_cursus
My 42's projects divided in two parts (a 4 month internship seperate them)

## First part
### Lang : 
C, PHP, HTML, CSS, Javascript, SQL, noSQL, shell, unix</br>

### Skills :
Imperative programming, Rigor, Algorithms & AI, Unix, Group & interpersonal, Graphics, Network & system administration, Technology integration, Web, DB & Data, Object-oriented programming, Security

### Projects :
1. **libft:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/01_libft)</br>
_Reimplementation of some basic functions from the C standard library_
2. **get_next_line:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/02_gnl)</br>
_Read multiple file descriptors line by line using our libft_
3. **fillit:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/03_fillit)</br>
_Find the smallest possible square which can contain a given list of tetriminos_
4. **fdf:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/04_fdf)</br>
_First graphical project : wireframe mesh representation of a 3D field (with the help of 42's mini graphical library)_
5. **ft_printf:**  `112/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/05_ft_printf)</br>
_Reimplementation of the C printf function (simplify)_
6. **init:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/06_init)</br>
_Introduction to network & system administration_
7. **roger-skyline:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/07_roger-skyline)</br>
_Install and configure our own web server with knowledges from init and more_
8. **piscine_PHP:**  `94/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/08_piscine_PHP)</br>
_Many exercices to learn PHP (5) (with HTML, CSS and Javascript)_
9. **camagru:**  `120/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/09_camagru)</br>
_First web project : tiny Instagram-like from scratch in PHP (no frameworks allowed)_
10. **matcha:**  `120/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/10_matcha)</br>
_Dating website-like in Node/React/Sql (micro frameworks allowed)_
11. **hypertube:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/11_hypertube)</br>
_Video streaming website (using torrent stream) with the MERN stack (mongo, express, react, node)_

### N.B:
All theese projects were designed to be compiled with clang on MacOS. For web projects the setup isn't provided (except for npm scripts).

## Second part
### Lang :
C, C++, Python, Javascript

### Skills :
Unix, Algorithms & AI, Web, Technology integration, Object-oriented programming, Functional programming, Imperative programming, Rigor, Security

### Projects :
1. **malloc:**  `107/100`
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/01_malloc)</br>
_Reimplementation of the memory management "function" malloc_
2. **ft_ssl_md5:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/02_ft_ssl_md5)</br>
_Reimplementation of hashing functions of md5 and sha family_
3. **computorv1:**  `106/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/03_computorv1)</br>
_Simple polynomial equation solver (2nd degree max) written in python_
4. **red-tetris:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/04_red-tetris)</br>
_Multiplayer online tetris game with React/Express and socket.io_
5. **philosophers:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/05_philosophers)</br>
_Eat/sleep/think with multithreading, mutex, semaphores and processes_
6. **piscine_cpp:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/06_piscine_cpp)</br>
_Many exercices to learn and practice c++ (98)_

### N.B:
C projects were designed to be compiled with gcc on MacOS and ubuntu (18.04).
C++ projects were designed to be compiled with clang++ on ubuntu (18.04)

Commit message:

adding darkly and abstract-vm projects + fix newline in red-tetris readme

README.md, after:

# 42_cursus
My 42's projects divided in two parts (a 4 month internship seperate them)

## First part
### Lang : 
C, PHP, HTML, CSS, Javascript, SQL, noSQL, shell, unix</br>

### Skills :
Imperative programming, Rigor, Algorithms & AI, Unix, Group & interpersonal, Graphics, Network & system administration, Technology integration, Web, DB & Data, Object-oriented programming, Security

### Projects :
1. **libft:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/01_libft)</br>
_Reimplementation of some basic functions from the C standard library_
2. **get_next_line:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/02_gnl)</br>
_Read multiple file descriptors line by line using our libft_
3. **fillit:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/03_fillit)</br>
_Find the smallest possible square which can contain a given list of tetriminos_
4. **fdf:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/04_fdf)</br>
_First graphical project : wireframe mesh representation of a 3D field (with the help of 42's mini graphical library)_
5. **ft_printf:**  `112/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/05_ft_printf)</br>
_Reimplementation of the C printf function (simplify)_
6. **init:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/06_init)</br>
_Introduction to network & system administration_
7. **roger-skyline:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/07_roger-skyline)</br>
_Install and configure our own web server with knowledges from init and more_
8. **piscine_PHP:**  `94/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/08_piscine_PHP)</br>
_Many exercices to learn PHP (5) (with HTML, CSS and Javascript)_
9. **camagru:**  `120/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/09_camagru)</br>
_First web project : tiny Instagram-like from scratch in PHP (no frameworks allowed)_
10. **matcha:**  `120/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/10_matcha)</br>
_Dating website-like in Node/React/Sql (micro frameworks allowed)_
11. **hypertube:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/first_part/11_hypertube)</br>
_Video streaming website (using torrent stream) with the MERN stack (mongo, express, react, node)_

### N.B:
All theese projects were designed to be compiled with clang on MacOS. For web projects the setup isn't provided (except for npm scripts).

## Second part
### Lang :
C, C++, Python, Javascript, shell

### Skills :
Unix, Algorithms & AI, Web, Technology integration, Object-oriented programming, Functional programming, Imperative programming, Rigor, Security

### Projects :
1. **malloc:**  `107/100`
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/01_malloc)</br>
_Reimplementation of the memory management "function" malloc_
2. **ft_ssl_md5:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/02_ft_ssl_md5)</br>
_Reimplementation of hashing functions of md5 and sha family_
3. **computorv1:**  `106/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/03_computorv1)</br>
_Simple polynomial equation solver (2nd degree max) written in python_
4. **red-tetris:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/04_red-tetris)</br>
_Multiplayer online tetris game with React/Express and socket.io_
5. **philosophers:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/05_philosophers)</br>
_Eat/sleep/think with multithreading, mutex, semaphores and processes_
6. **piscine_cpp:**  `100/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/06_piscine_cpp)</br>
_Many exercices to learn and practice c++ (98)_
7. **darkly:**  `125/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/07_darkly)</br>
_Security project to find vulnerabilities in a web application_
8. **abstract-vm:**  `119/100` 
[_repo_](https://github.com/remyoster/42_cursus/tree/main/second_part/08_abstract-vm)</br>
_Simple VM coded in c++ to read and execute pseudo-ASM basic instructions_

### N.B:
C projects were designed to be compiled with gcc on MacOS and ubuntu (18.04).
C++ projects were designed to be compiled with clang++ on ubuntu (18.04)
